The problem of Image Classification goes like this: Given a set of images that are all labeled with a single category, we are asked to predict these categories for a novel set of test images and measure the accuracy of the predictions. There are a variety of challenges associated with this task, including viewpoint variation, scale variation, intra-class variation, image deformation, image occlusion, illumination conditions, background clutter etc.
How might we go about writing an algorithm that can classify images into distinct categories? Computer Vision researchers have come up with a data-driven approach to solve this. Instead of trying to specify what every one of the image categories of interest looks like directly in code, they provide the computer with many examples of each image class and then develop learning algorithms that look at these examples and learn about the visual appearance of each class. In other words, they first accumulate a training dataset of labeled images, then feed it to the computer in order for it to get familiar with the data.

And here we have taken a dataset of more than 20,000 images of Dogs by their breeds and the build an model using cnn(convolutional neural network) and layers and other features and trained it, So that it will give the output more accurately.
And Finally after building model using cnn and other featues, When you subsequently provide an new image to the model,it will output the probability of the image belonging to a particular breed means it will tell to which breed the dog image is suited more accurately.  
